Update T488 for GO-spaces (#666)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000488.md

uid: T000488
if:
  and:
    - P000154: true
    - P000019: true
then:
  P000020: true
refs:
  - mathse: 1706258
    name: Every sequence has a monotone subsequence
---

> Every sequence in a totally ordered set has a monotone subsequence (see for example {{mathse:1706258}}). The space being {P19} implies that this subsequence has an accumulation point, and every order-convex open neighborhood of the accumulation point contains eventually the subsequence as it contains infinitely many terms.

Reviewer: Maybe slightly more for the last sentence:

```suggestion
Every sequence in a totally ordered set has a monotone subsequence (see for example {{mathse:1706258}}). The space being {P19} implies that this subsequence has an accumulation point $x$.  And because the subsequence is monotone, it converges to $x$ because every order-convex neighborhood of $x$ contains eventually the subsequence as it contains infinitely many terms of it.
```
